Update subscription.rst (#49)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: subscription.rst

Typical benefits of the subscription service include:

- **Monitoring portals**: subscribers can access monitoring portals to manage their subscription and receive :ref:`alerts <alert-section>` for registered servers.
- **Enhanced DPI signatures**: firewalls with a valid subscription have access to a much larger database of :ref:`DPI signatures <dpi_filter-section>` (more than 1820 in total instead of 415) that are regularly updated.

> - **Enterprise Block lists**: Firewalls with a valid subscription can request to use enterprise IP and DNS blocklists. These lists are actively maintained, updated very frequently, and exhibit high effectiveness while generating a very low number of false positives, they can be used in :ref:`IP <threat_shield-section>` and :ref:`DNS <dns_filter-section>` block lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enterprise Block lists**: Firewalls with a valid subscription can purchase high-quality IP and DNS blocklists. These lists are actively maintained, updated very frequently, and exhibit high effectiveness while generating a very low number of false positives, they can be used in :ref:`IP <threat_shield-section>` and :ref:`DNS <dns_filter-section>` block lists.
```
